Jaguar project
    By Martin Løvborg, maloe19@student.sdu.dk
    Group member:Yonus & Mustafa
    Mandatory assignment 3
    Course: SE6-POM
    Term: Spring 2022
    Handed in: Friday, April 22nd, 2022 at 12:00
    SDU-logo
    The Maersk Mc-Kinney Moeller Institute
    University of Southern Denmark

Position statement
    Terydyne is a corporation that supplies tools for semiconductor testing, 
    it is the worlds biggest of that kind the more than 6000 workers internatioelly
    with 1.8 bil in sales as of 2004 and is 45 year old (began in 1960, to 2005).

    The jaguar project set out to make a completely new system platform for testing
    the new product(semiconductors), therefore it is one of the most crucial project 
    in the companies history. Other than that it is a sort of culmination of the
    company try to get a more efficient product development process. A good portion 
    of the project went well, like the hardware, but some didn't like the software part.
    This also count for the management practices for development process improvement, 
    such as tools to track the progress of the team and up-front planning. Other
    challenges the project went through was team merge conflicts and deal with customer.
Evaluation Criteria
    1: Scope - task
        The first criteria for the evaluation of the jaguar project will be named scope
        and focused on how the team did in their task amount in the time that they had.
    2: Schedule - time
        The second criteria is schehule, which is time, so if the process took longer
        or shorter than deadline, and compared to the estimation of the team and company.
    3: Resources - money/cost
        Resources is the third criteria and is about how well the money was spent i.e.
        amount of team member, skill level and could some unnessesary things be spared.
    
    For scope the hardware part had all the requirements, however the software bit
    didn't, was somewhat working but with a lot of bugs.
    A reason for this situation could be on the flexibility of task order,
    since in hardware the physical attributes requires the right sequence
    to build and design it properly. Of course software is missing the
    physical attribute part, which gives and allows for more room to change
    the order of the tasks. Unfortuneately this can easily also lead to
    confusing and mess. Which could contribute to the situation that the
    software team ended up in.
    To what they could have done differently, for hardware nothing, all was
    good for them so no change. For software is a different story, to counter
    their problems more meetings could accur to uphold a better overview of 
    the flexibility of doing task. So basicly improvement in communication,
    bcausecommunication can be good so everyone is on the same page and 
    know what to do, but on the other hand misunderstandings can happen/accur.

    The schedule is in the same situation as scope the hardware was on time, 
    actually early and software was late with around a year due to delays of
    bug fixing and for finished development, since they delivered like a prototype
    to the deadline.
    Again hardware was all good in the schedule perspective and on the other 
    hand software came behind somewhat early in the process, due to new 
    technology and team merge conflicts, and later on competitors(which
    shifted focus).
    There is really not anything hardware should do differently, since it went
    so well. Software should maybe had a different team structure so the 
    managements heads of the project could relocate the expertise better and
    not some subteam run their on their own. To prevent their competitor
    problem and therefore their customer problem they could have made 
    prototypes or more of them. Due to the team being behind resulted in a lot
    of press to get it done, which lead to high stress levels. A solution to 
    this could be a change of culture e.g. more social events.

    Resources is not stated what the team got only a table of income, but it is believed
    that hardware spent the right amount or less and software definately used more budget,
    because the after work (afther the deadline) the department hired 50 people 
    additionately.(Again this is not stated directly)
    Both hardware and software, so the whole project got a lot of resources,
    highly likely because of the scale and size and the importance of the project
    to the company and senior management. So for software still being able to
    get behind even with plenty of staff, maybe calls for better planning of
    the resources.

Proof of the evaluation
    1: 
        a: An advantages of scope is that it shows how big the project is, and therefore
        estimation on time and cost can be made. 
        b: A disadvantages of scope is that it can change from task to task, based on
        the goal or development.
    2:
        a: Advantages in time is that it can help with planning, and thereby allocate
        time to other projects too.
        b: Disadvantages with schehuling ia that it is always estimation, because no one
        can predict the future, and often a project is behind rather than ahead because 
        of that.
    3:
        a: An advantages with this criteria is that resources and cost can overlap easily
        and is 2/3 of the scope triangle, it is also always important to keep track of these 
        parameters, because a company need to earn money to survive, and with these profit
        can be discovered more easily.
        b: Resources disadvantages is that it is hard to decide and choose what is the right
        thing to use it on, more skills in the team, an extra team member etc.
Qualofications
    After inspection of the case, it have been evaluated that tools and process is another
    significant factor that have a great impact on the jaguar project, because it can be apart
    of all the criteria, but is not big enough on its own to be a criteria.
    But in the start of the project new tools was introduce to test if they would improve the
    development process, through in the end the experiment didn't work that well. Since there 
    was time set off to learn them, but the result was still that software became behind schedule,
    the couse of this was speculated to be that the ulitazation of the new tools was not right or
    correct. The project also got hurt by the manager focusing too much on the data they got from 
    the tools instead of the project itself. 
    
    As an conclusion and closing remark of the evaluation of the jaguar project case, the first 
    look of it was quite chaotic and it didn't seem to be gone that well, but in the end they
    got to the market as they got their customer alphatech to chooce them. Throught at a cost,
    which was the massive negative of the software team being super busy in the end. 
